Add `The Followpoint: Eriha, Top Drum Basher` news post (#11498)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-06-03-the-followpoint-eriha-top-drum-basher.md

Simply read on for a look into [Eriha](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/16320311)'s insight:

---

*Let's start with an introduction, how would you introduce yourself to people who don't know you?*

> Hello! My name is Eriha and I'm Japanese. I'm 18 years old. My current global ranking is #4, which is also my peak rank.
>
> I participated in the recent TWC2024 as a member of the Japanese team and became the osu!taiko Champion. Many of you know me due to my PP Record during the previous SR system!
>
> I'm currently working with Project Loved Captain and was a Beatmap Nominator for a year in 2022-2023. I'm not positive about returning to BN activities due to my busy college schedule, but I would like to have a job in the future where I can support the mapper's activities.

*How did you get introduced to osu! and what was your first impression of it?*

> > I found osu! 4 years ago when a std player friend recommended it to me. I have been playing Taiko no Tatsujin since I was very young so my friend told me that taiko mode is the best for me.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> I found osu! 4 years ago when a std player friend recommended it to me. I have been playing Taiko no Tatsujin since I was very young, so my friend told me that taiko mode is the best for me.
```

> > I found osu! 4 years ago when a std player friend recommended it to me. I have been playing Taiko no Tatsujin since I was very young so my friend told me that taiko mode is the best for me.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> I found osu! 4 years ago when a std player friend recommended it to me. I have been playing Taiko no Tatsujin since I was very young, so my friend told me that taiko mode is the best for me.
```

>
> When I first installed osu! I was very impressed by the fact that I could play with my favorite songs. I play osu! on my laptop more often than I visit the arcade. That's how big an impact osu! had on me.

> *Why did you choose to play osu!taiko of all game modes osu! has to offer?*

Reviewer: if Eriha said this question is redundant why is it being included in the post? doesnt really add much to it

> > I wrote all that in the above question lol, I thought the taiko mode was suitable for me.

Reviewer: if eriha said this question is redundant why is it being included?

*Who would you call the best osu!taiko player(s) at the moment and why?*

> The best player I can think of right now is [SilverTyrant](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14356353). He also competed in TWC2024 and I think it's very cool that he has recorded great scores on various maps, not just speed maps.
>
> Especially [Kage no Nai Hito](https://osu.ppy.sh/beatmapsets/1519045#taiko/3110395)'s [DT record](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/1876120539) is so crazy that no player will surpass his record anytime soon.
>
> In addition, [sourufire](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/13249305) is probably the most growing of the Japanese players. His acc on the various speed maps is excellent and I look forward to competing with him in the future!

*What do you feel is the most important aspect to keep motivation even when you are not improving, and what keeps you specifically motivated to play?*

> I make it a point to take a break when my motivation wanes and observe the records of other players. Seeing other players happy to score well often motivates me naturally.
>

> > I also make it a point to play other games and create cool down time. Lately I have been playing VALORANT with friends. I'm not good at fps, so I always lose lol.

Reviewer: is it supposed to be a "cool down time" or "cooldown time"?

> > I also make it a point to play other games and create cool down time. Lately I have been playing VALORANT with friends. I'm not good at fps, so I always lose lol.

Reviewer: is it "cool down time" or "cooldown time"?
"cool down time" is down time that's cool (like playing valorant with friends is cool), and "cooldown time" would in this context mean taking breaks

Author: ```suggestion
> I also make it a point to play other games and create cooldown time. Lately I have been playing VALORANT with friends. I'm not good at fps, so I always lose lol.
```

*Who would you want to meet IRL the most if you could meet any osu! player and why?*

> There are many players I would like to meet, but I would really like to meet [Yuemiao](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4493348) and [hz404](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14947043), who are irreplaceable for me!
>
> Also, I would like to meet [Ney](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5991961) and [uone](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/5321719) who I respect for their playing style!

*Do the communities of Taiko no Tatsujin and osu!taiko overlap in the pro player scene in Japan, and do arcade pro players play osu!taiko too?*

> Although it cannot be said that good play in Taiko no Tatsujin is proportional to good play in osu!taiko, the top players in Taiko no Tatsujin are often the top players in osu!taiko!
>
> For example, players such as [_yu68](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6170507), [1RoHa_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4632503), [kotohira_06](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/22444525), and [supesan](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/14623658) are both top players in Taiko no Tatsujin and in osu!taiko!

*To finish things up, what does the future hold for you? Do you have any goals or anything else that you'd like to mention?*

> > I would like to keep playing this game for fun first, and I also have a goal to fill all my BPs with more than 900pp.

Reviewer: im not sure I've ever seen anyone refer to their top plays as "BPs", although I do get what it means. maybe it should be reworded to be a bit more clear on what they meant by it?

Author: ```suggestion
> I would like to keep playing this game for fun first, and I also have a goal to fill all my top 100 plays with more than 900pp scores.
```

> > I would like to keep playing this game for fun first, and I also have a goal to fill all my BPs with more than 900pp.

Reviewer: im not sure I've ever seen anyone refer to their top plays as "BPs", although I do get what it means. maybe it should be reworded to be a bit more clear on what they meant by it?
